"What is something that is broken but beautiful?","My heart after a breakup","Swap: This card allows you to swap one of your answer cards with another player’s answer card. You can choose which player and which card to swap with. Use this card when you want to get rid of a bad card or steal a good card from someone else."
"How do you practice kintsugi in your life?","By laughing at my mistakes","Reverse: This card allows you to reverse the order of the judge and the players for the current round. The judge becomes a player and the last player becomes the judge. Use this card when you want to change the judge or avoid being the judge"
"What is a funny way to fix a broken object?","With duct tape and glitter","Skip: This card allows you to skip the current question card and draw a new one from the deck. Use this card when you don’t like the question or think it’s too boring or difficult."
"What is something that you would never throw away?","My grandma’s ugly sweater","Double: This card allows you to play two answer cards instead of one for the current round. Use this card when you have two good cards that fit the question or want to increase your chances of winning."
"What is a good motto for kintsugi lovers?","There is gold in every crack","Wild: This card allows you to write your own answer on the card instead of using one from your hand. Use this card when you want to be creative or funny or have a better answer than the ones in your hand"
"What is something that you learned from a broken relationship?","How to love myself more","Steal: This card allows you to steal one point from another player of your choice. Use this card when you want to get ahead or sabotage someone else."
"How do you make something old look new again?","With a fresh coat of paint","Freeze: This card allows you to freeze another player of your choice for the next round. The frozen player cannot play any cards or use any wildcards. Use this card when you want to prevent someone from winning or using a wildcard."
"What is a funny way to say "I'm sorry"?","With a cake that says "Oops"","Shuffle: This card allows you to shuffle all the answer cards on the table and redistribute them randomly among the players. Use this card when you want to change the game or get rid of bad cards."
"What is something that you cherish even though it's imperfect?","My dog with three legs","Reveal: This card allows you to reveal one answer card from each player’s hand. Use this card when you want to see what others have or expose their secrets"
"What is a good advice for someone who feels broken?","You are stronger than you think","Bonus: This card allows you to get an extra point if you win the current round. Use this card when you want to boost your score or catch up with others."
"What is something that you broke and regretted?","My mom’s favorite vase","Draw: This card allows you to draw two extra cards from the deck. Use this card when you want to have more options or get rid of bad cards."
"How do you cope with stress or pain?","By listening to music or meditating","Burn: This card allows you to burn one question card or one answer card from the deck. Use this card when you want to eliminate a card that you don’t like or think is too easy or hard."
"What is a funny way to compliment someone?","With a pun or a rhyme","Copy: This card allows you to copy one answer card from another player’s hand. Use this card when you want to use a good card that someone else has or prevent them from using it."
"What is something that you would like to repair or restore?","My childhood photo album","Swap: This card allows you to swap your entire hand with another player’s hand. Use this card when you want to change your cards or mess with someone else’s cards."
"What is a good question to ask a stranger?","What are you passionate about?","Joker: This card allows you to play any answer card as if it was a wildcard. Use this card when you want to be creative or funny or have a better answer than the ones in your hand."
"What is something that you are proud of but rarely share?","My secret talent or hobby","Sure, I can generate more wildcards for your game. Here are some more examples of wildcards that you could use:"
"How do you deal with criticism or rejection?","By taking it as feedback or motivation","Pass: This card allows you to pass your turn and not play any cards for the current round. Use this card when you don’t have any good cards or want to save them for later."
"What is a funny way to break the ice with someone?","With a joke or a riddle","Trade: This card allows you to trade one question card or one answer card with the deck. Use this card when you want to change the question or get a new answer card."
"What is something that you would like to learn or improve?","A new language or skill","Spy: This card allows you to spy on another player’s hand and see all their cards. Use this card when you want to know what others have or plan your strategy."
"What is a good challenge for yourself or others?","A 30-day habit or goal","Block: This card allows you to block another player from playing any cards or using any wildcards for the current round. Use this card when you want to stop someone from winning or using a wildcard."
"What is something that you fixed or improved with your own hands?","My bike or my computer","Surprise: This card allows you to surprise another player with a random effect. The effect could be good or bad, such as gaining or losing a point, drawing or discarding a card, swapping or shuffling hands, etc. Use this card when you want to spice up the game or have some fun."
